Liz y'all remember when the room was
made and everybody questioned how it was
possible to spend that much money on a
movie and I'm not saying that Venom is
the room of superhero movies completely
but I do question
Sony why are you still making superhero
movies didn't you have to press the hard
reset button on the last two Spidey
franchises you created to the point that
you're now sharing the rights with the
real Disney Marvel who knows what
they're doing so we'll let you back into
the ring like there's a hole behind the
scenes that can be made about this right
an entire other video that I'll say for
another time with the fact that they cut
40 minutes just to keep it pg-13 it's
literally the same dude who produced the
last venom that we saw that kind of
failed and now every critic has pretty
much been quoting venom himself for
their reviews and yet while it's clearly
a stream it boy did I combo prices ho
let me explain so in the beginning Stan
Lee created all the Marvel characters I
think got bought out by different
companies one of those characters was
actually created in the 80s by the dude
who also made spawn and since he comes
from space the movie starts off with the
light foundation who could have been
built up in another very similar movie
as they bring back these symbiotes in
order to run tests on them here on earth
my boy MC rays is actually the evil or
more evil Elon Musk of this place who
believes space is a new frontier and
things have got a suit up with these
symbiotes in order to survive up there
Holly thinks this is like predator armor
that we can just put on so he starts
kidnapping homeless people in order to
test it out on them
and of course they all get hit worse
than the turd burglar that's when your
boy Eddie Brock comes in and tries to
investigate what's going on since he's a
reporter but like imagine if imagine if
keemstar was allowed to interview
sciences for drama where that's Eddie
homie breaks into the devil's home
without knocking and obviously gets
fired he gets dumped since he snooped
inside the info of his wife smack and
then they just get b-roll of Tom in
between shoots here's the thing though
this whole movie feels like a montage
this girl was like with him for years
right and in six months she's got
another boo
who's also a doctor why would he move
into your full house home on a hill
while this thing is definitely one of
the goofiest movies of 2018 I think the
reason that I like
is because Tom Hardy acts like he's
actually getting possessed by something
inside of his body you know every
superhero movie has that thing where
they get their powers and for like five
minutes right there's that scene of
disbelief and then boom they're Earth's
Mightiest Heroes and they never question
it again for the entire a hundred and
twelve minutes plus the 40 that were cut
out it's like Tom Hardy is our friend
who can't believe he got cast in this
thing and that plays perfectly with the
character of Eddie Brock who can't
believe that there's something inside of
him because when Eddie gets the heads up
and he's able to infiltrate the lab
venom gets inside of him and because
he's Tom Hardy or cuz he were his bad
boy Denham venom doesn't destroy his
body but becomes wrong with him dudes
walking around having conversations with
himself without you know at least
putting an air pot in to pretend he's on
Bluetooth Venom's making him eat raw
food garbage he's sniffing people this
man turns into one of those annoying
YouTube prank channels as he just does
things and then he goes full symbiote
never go full symbiote like venom just
bites a dude's entire head off he's
parting cars like he's Moses during the
car chase scenes thing turns into the
Tasmanian devil Goku's its way across
the bay and it's like y'all gotta
release that Hardy cut immediately
because that at a certain point this
turns into a buddy cop film right where
venom tells Eddie that his body is his
ride
Eddie literally goes where where are we
going
venom reminds Eddie every 15 minutes
that he's a loser and that his wife left
them and it becomes a romance where
there's a legit I kid you not
breakup scene between Eddie and venom as
they split with divorce music in the
background at all and then becomes a
softcore porn flick when venom gets
inside of a dog that gets inside of a
knee that in order to get back into
Eddie venom French kisses Eddie with
that gene Simmons tongue of his in order
to get back in him during this three-way
okay venom then turns into a marriage
counselor and is trying to give advice
to them both since you know he rocky
hoard it with both of them and then I
kid you not
venom changes his mind towards the end
of the movie and decides to help earth
instead of taking it over with his crew
because back home he was a loser like
Eddie and he just wants to start new
this thing literally said he was a
sierra burgess of his planet turns out
rizz is also divergent and he becomes
one with the head symbiote who's trying
to take over earth they get into this
really interesting fight that consists
of them trying to detach each other from
their hosts so it's like imagine a
superhero fight where the objective is
to pull each other's capes and costumes
off that annie is able to save the day
since she saw a quiet place and stalls
the symbiotes with these frequencies
they're able to burn up the main one in
a rocket as venom sacrifices himself in
order to save Eddie and planet Earth but
then he doesn't he's he's actually alive
so I guess that's why Hardy based his
character off McGregor cuz the boy just
won't go away thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comments section in terms of the
post-credits cuz I know some people are
interested in that the final final one
is literally just a clip of the
spider-man animated movie that's coming
out it's great it's a it's fantastic I'm
just laughing because like I said Horner
the video on this but they are not
allowed to show spider-man because
technically they got to share that with
Disney and and since this movie doesn't
have anything to do with Disney Marvel
they can't even they have to show their
own spider-man animated one which is
good but it's just funny that venom
can't actually interact with spider-man
the other one that I think more people
will talk about is the carnage after
credits scene that happens midway
through where Woody Harrelson is playing
carnage he's in jail and he comes to
interview him and he's talking about how
there's gonna be carnage for people and
that sounds really cool but those of you
are wondering why I'm talking about the
post-credits scene in my post-credit
scene of the video it's cuz Sony has
given us three other post-credits things
that didn't even come to fruition so I'm
not even taking this one serious cuz as
far as I know this is probably the last
thing someone he's gonna make I don't
know if they're gonna make another one
but if they do they better release those
forty minutes first because like I said
this movie is a streaming but writing
venom like like he thinks he's
Shakespeare I thought was hilarious so
I'm curious to know your guys thoughts
on this again a stream it but it's worth
watching in the theaters because of how
dumb it is don't forget to comment like
and subscribe or you'll let the devil